[Docs] Rationalise admonitions in documentation (#564)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/run.md

- you can specify `jupyter_mode="external"` and a link will be displayed to direct you to the localhost where the dashboard is running.
- you can use tab mode by `jupyter_mode="tab"` to automatically open the app in a new browser

> ### Reloading and debugging

Author: reverted

> ### Reloading and debugging

Reviewer: Have we mentioned `Vizro._reset`?

> ### Reloading and debugging

Reviewer 2: Didn't @antonymilne say yesterday that there is no need to add the `Vizro._reset` to the docs? 

Because there are clear error messages where it's already stated and this is currently still a private method no?

> ### Reloading and debugging

Author: I think it may be best to put the requirement to mention it into a separate issue & PR because this is more about fixing up admonitions than extending docs (although it is a good opportunity!). Let me ping @antonymilne to see if he can take a look here and give us a steer, and then I'll make the issue if needed and merge this PR.

> ### Reloading and debugging

Reviewer 3: I think `Vizro._reset` is worth a mention here because at the moment it's one of our two officially recommended solutions for running in Jupyter (the other being to restart the kernel). Even though I don't like it and hope it's a temporary solution, it's not going to disappear very soon.

I don't want to talk about it lots and lots in docs for that reason 😅 e.g. in the context of test fixtures as we discussed yesterday, I don't think is worth mentioning. But here I think it's useful.

> ### Reloading and debugging

Author: Thank you! And thanks for the suggestion: I'll commit it.

> Code reloading and hot reloading do not work within a Jupyter Notebook. Instead, you must restart the entire Jupyter kernel to reload the dashboard and reflect changes in the dashboard configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Code reloading and hot reloading do not work within a Jupyter Notebook. Instead, there are two methods to reload the dashboard:
* Restart the Jupyter kernel and re-run your notebook.
* Add a cell containing `'from vizro import Vizro; Vizro._reset()` to the top of your notebook and re-rerun it. There is no need to restart the Jupyter kernel.
```

> Code reloading and hot reloading do not work within a Jupyter Notebook. Instead, you must restart the entire Jupyter kernel to reload the dashboard and reflect changes in the dashboard configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Code reloading and hot reloading do not work within a Jupyter Notebook. Instead, there are two methods to reload the dashboard:
* Restart the Jupyter kernel and re-run your notebook.
* Add a cell containing `from vizro import Vizro; Vizro._reset()` to the top of your notebook and re-rerun it. There is no need to restart the Jupyter kernel.
```

> Code reloading and hot reloading do not work within a Jupyter Notebook. Instead, you must restart the entire Jupyter kernel to reload the dashboard and reflect changes in the dashboard configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
Code reloading and hot reloading do not work within a Jupyter Notebook. Instead, there are two methods to reload the dashboard:

* Restart the Jupyter kernel and re-run your notebook.
* Add a cell containing `from vizro import Vizro; Vizro._reset()` to the top of your notebook and re-rerun it. There is no need to restart the Jupyter kernel.
```
